The Joe Rogan experience.
Dude, last night. Okay. Mm-hmm <affirmative> last night on my security camera,
there was a big black cat, like a 60,
70 pound something or another. Oh my, well, I don't know what it see.
The thing about Texas is there's a real issue.
There's more tigers in captivity,
in access than all of the wild of the world. Really?
Because of like rich people, just people just have a fence. I want a tiger.
And you could just have a tiger here. Yeah. Because, because of freedom,
freedom America. Yeah. Like zebras. Like my wife saw zebra.
Once she was driving on the road, she saw Ze zebra zebras. Just get out. Right?
Like people have zebras and they just get out sometimes whatever this thing was,
it's like a, can you ride, ride a zebra Panther? No, you cannot. Are they short?
No. They're horse size. They're it's a horse. A wild horse that cannot be tamed.
No one has ever been able to tame a zebra. It's like trying to ride a Wolf,
like get the outta here. I relate. Maybe my spirit. I don't zebra.
I'm in the middle of this. Sorry. Outside of my house is a, a,
a big black cat. Yeah. Like a black Panther. Wow. I'm like,
like as big as my dog, you know, my dog's like 80 pounds. Yeah.
This thing is like that size. Wow. Probably like a little less than him,
but it's a big black cat.
And you see its eyes on the security camera walking down.
And then my neighbor who walks his dog at night,
his dog is like on death's door. Right. It's like sweetheart of a dog. Yeah,
of course. And he's so he's got a headlamp on the dog. No, the,
the neighbor this dog's like dragging to tell a story and you're up my flow.
This guy, punchline, excuse me. This guy is dragging his dog. Right.
You know, the dog walks slow and he's kind of pulling 'em along on the leash.
The cat runs towards them. I'm thinking I'm gonna see a murder.
Were you a little excited to be honest? No. No,
because I had found out about it after the fact I know he was okay, but it like,
it ran towards him and then decided last second to dart off into the woods.
But like, it heard the footsteps, the tail,
and it just goes running towards him. Like I thought he was a deer or something,
but it was creepy. It was a big black cat. Yeah.
I'm like more concerned. How are these people about to walk their dogs?
So close to my King's home. I don't like this. Wow.
They live in the neighborhood. They're wandering around, but it's uh,
this cat is wandering around in like a residential
neighborhood.
That's crazy. And it's because it's from someone else's.
House. I don't know.
What it is when I looked it up. I just typed in, uh,
black Panthers in Texas in the wild. Yeah.
And what comes up is from not that long ago,
it says the wildlife officials say they don't exist in Texas.
And what you probably saw as a black hog or Otter. And I'm like, no.
That's no, not possible. I thought you were gonna say it was like a black,
listen, I have a video. Yeah. It's a black cat. There's no doubt about it.
No way fans are, but I know what a hog looks like. They look totally different.
A hog is a big bodied thing with, with little tiny legs. I'm ready here.
Okay. And I'm still wearing my half shirts. I don't give a. Black.
Panthers do not exist in the lone star state. That's not true.
I don't like lone star. It's not so sad.
It's not. So it could have been private, I guess back. Yeah.
That's my whole yeah, yeah. Go up. But that's listen.
That's what it looked like. No. Those high is 100.
Gorgeous. Eyes' is a hot, is.
A sexy animal. If I was a girl I'd wanna get.
By that. Listen, my dad might be upset.
But if I was a girl cat, see those things, black Panthers. What they are is,
um, it's uh, the spots, but the spots are all over their whole body. Oh really?
Yeah. So what that is is like a Jaguar. Is.
There skin, if you shaved it as their skin dark.
I don't believe so. I don't know though. Might be. Um,
but show me, uh, like Google Jaguar,
a black Jaguar spots. Well, there's this thing.
Jaguar run the mystery of the Texas black Panther citing solved. What is that?
This is the year before that. I don't know. I mean.
I saw this too. Jaguar. I, those sound hot. They come.
In songs.
One of my security guys said he saw one in the woods and
he was, I think he said he was walking his dog too. And he saw one in the woods,
a black Panther. He said it was just like that.
And he was the one who spotted this thing on the camera. So they're it. Listen,
I have a video of it. It's believe 100% real.
So those from Texas wildlife, you need to shut the up. I got a video.
This thing is really well.
They're probably saying, well,
they probably are saying there's none like just in the habitat, but it's, don't.
That here's,
here's why they don't know that Jaguars in particular have been spotted in the
wild in Arizona. And they didn't think they used to exist in.
They thought they were extricated. Pull up, pull up Jaguars in Arizona.
It's gonna be the cars. There's a lot of retired people. I can't help it.
John they're new.
Cars, Jaguars. They still make 'em. They're not.
Retired. What's the car. Okay. When I make it,
when I make my big bucks coming up here, what's my car. You're I think.
You need a convertible.
Look at you. Really? I wanna.
Test the first, see these are Jaguars in, uh, in Arizona's so pretty beautiful,
gorgeous.
Animal, but you know, I wanna just wear that jacket.
<Laugh> just get a fake one.
Of course, I would never get a real one. Don't murder.
To the Jaguar. I would never. So someone killed that one,
the lower left hand corner. That's that was the, that they killed it in Mexico.
And that was like a famous Jaguar. Do you know?
That was one of the two remaining Jaguars in the us.
It says to remain Jaguars in the us, but I'm pretty sure they killed it in go.
No, no, no. Go back, go back. Um, well that's really sad.
See the left hand corner, right, right below related images.
See known Jaguar shown out right there. Yeah. Click on that one.
Cause that article, um, it explains how they know it.
Roamed Southern Arizona 2016, but they killed it in Mexico.
Interesting to wear a matching dress with the background.
Does she have a matching Jaguar dress?
Lemme say no, just no, she was wearing a blue. Oh. With the background was blue.
You're such a.
Girl. I can't help him. I tried not to be. I do.
Uh, doesn't say anyway, I I'm 90, 90% sure they killed it in Mexico,
but they live in Mexico. They live in south Mexico. Ish. Yeah.
It does a look a look at those slides. <laugh> um,
they live in it say killed the I a mountain lion hunter.
It's a rumor that it was, oh, he heard someone trapped or killed one in Mexico.
Mm. By, so in Sonora, Mexico. Yeah. That's what I heard too. Um,
but my point is that in south America they're plentiful. Right.
They live in the jungle, like in the Amazon. They're very dangerous.
Like they Jack people all the time, they're big. It's a big animal.
What do they do to them? They eat 'em. Oh, they kill them.
They eat people <laugh> yeah. Yeah.
Do you know when people do Ika and they do it in the Amazon,
they have all these images of Jaguars and there's Jaguars and snakes,
or like a big part of the, the natural imagery. Yeah. I did mine in ago.
I was just thinking deep dish pizzas.
And they think they're taking on the spirit of the jungle and that this is like,
you like all the things you're afraid of in the jungle and all the things that
are in control and the wild and the powerful forces of the jungle. I don't know,
catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog Jr. E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.